In the last lecture we had a look at how we can publish our app and the Android Play Store.
Let's now published the app in the Apple App Store.
For this you will need a paid Apple developer account.
And here in the ionic framework documentation under Publishing your app you can find all that information
where you need to click to enroll into this account and be aware that it costs money $99 per year and
then how to at that account to X killed we all saw this before.
And with a paid account you will be able to click this create button next to Iowa as distribution to
create a signing identity so that now your app is signed not just for development to run on your own
device but also for publishing it so that you can then upload it to the App Store.
Now let's walk through those steps step by step.
So I locked into my developer account.
But before we do anything here let's go back up and build it for iOS.
So make sure you added iOS as a platform.
If you didn't do this run ionic platform add and then iOS and thereafter also run on big resources to
treat all those icons and splash screens for this newly edit platform.
I already did all those steps so I will now run ionic build release and now iOS to built this app for
release on iOS and once this will finish I will open it in X code so I'll open my project here in X
code does X code project file which was created in the folder in the platform's folder or simply open
it here and now if we click on this project we need to make sure that our team is assigned here.
And now if I go to preferences you might recall this step from the Abaroa section where you first Chipp
the two already why.
If I click on View details you're now going to recognize that since I have a paid developer account
I can now click on Create your for iOS iOS distribution and after doing this I now get this added to
my account.
So now I can sign my apps for distribution too.
So let's sit down and leave this.
Make sure again that this is assigned here.
The next step leads us back to a developer to develop Precentor here so make sure to go into your account.
Now here click on certificates identifiers and profiles and you will then see D2 with certificates we
have.
We created them through X code by clicking on those create buttons and under identifier as you should
already see your app.
This was created fruity Seelye.
This was created automatically when you ran the deployment Truex killed the first time with your development
setup.
You can go and added this to your needs.
For example enter a nicer name and adjustors to check any features you might use here.
We aren't using any of them so that's OK.
And then simply save your changes so you can update the identifier which was created through X code
automatically.
Or if you don't have it at all you can create a new one with your bundle ID and this of course is the
U.S. here in the conflict SML file.
So make sure that you have this identifier in the end.
The next step then leads to iTunes Connect.
This is where you managed the actual application.
So here in the developer account you only manage your certificates and identifies the need for signing
the app.
Here you manage the apps you deployed the App Store.
So log in with your app like here too and then you can click on my apps and create a new app app by
clicking on plus your new app.
Now you should check Aiwass then enter your name as it will be displayed in the App Store so here you
can see this is what we label actually seen the App Store choose your primary language.
She was the bun lady here I only got one to choose from.
Awesome places and a unique identifier which will show up on your payment statements like let's say
awesome license.
Let's head to create here and looks like this name is already taken by someone else.
So let's maybe name it.
Super ironic.
Awesome places.
Of course you should check that name is available before using it so this seems to work now and then
here you can set it up just like in the Google Developer console you can see some things which will
show up and yeps store.
I'm not going to walk free this year.
You can also change the pricing and so on from here on you should really consult the official Apple
developer documentation on how to publish replication.
What do we need to do is we need to go back to X code and there we should create an archive which holds
our application.
For this we will go to product and then scheme and then added scheme choose archive your for it release
both configuration release archive name that is ok and configured directly want to check this.
You should go here where we currently select that the iPhone and now we want to build for a generic
iOS device.
And now with product archive you're going to create such archives so now it is bundling your app up
to be deployed to the App Store.
Now this is an annoying little error and it's a little bit tricky to fix but we can do it.
There is a nice description on stack overflow and how to fix it and I will link this in the article
at the end of his lecture too so let's go forward together.
And of course you can simply skip ahead if you don't have to say error.
So the first thing you'll do is we will go to our app and click on the General tab and then uncheck
automatically managed signing.
So we do this year automatically manage signing removed this year.
Now this needs to be done for all targets you see here.
Next we're going to be built setting still have to select that next to built settings here and under
signing here we're going to choose our development team.
Now we can go to product clean to clean our project and we go back to General tap and hit automatically
managed signing again.
So make this make sure you do this and choose your team here.
And with this let's try again by running product archive.
Now this looks much better and it should now create a package of our application the build succeeded
indeed.
And now it should open up a window where you can already hit upload to AppStore.
So let's do this let's use your account here and then simply hit upload and now it will push it to the
App Store.
You may need to allow access to your store a couple of times because it will now all will sign it and
prepare everything so that you can ship it.
Now as a side note if you are stuck at this step here you should go back to X code and check under open
developer tool application loader.
If you're prompted to accept some terms in addition here.
Now here your normal Apple I.D. password won't work instead you should go to apples to apples.
Com log in there and once you are locked in.
Click on aspecific password generate password.
So here you can generate a label.
First let's name it X code click Create.
And then you get your specific password.
Now copy this and thereafter back on his ex-coach screen you simply enter his password here.
Now you should be able to connect.
And now when you did this you can basically ignore it as we know your go back to X code and do your
upload proses click upload again let it fetched it again click OK and simply go through the steps from
before again.
And now it should not get stuck again but instead should be successfully logging into iTunes Connect
and then upload your application.
So with that just a little arrow which might occur doesn't have to.
But if it does occur does this how you can fix it.
And I'll be back once this was successfully uploaded.
So this now uploaded it successfully you can now close to the interface and back on iTunes Connect You
can now continue work on your application you're filling out all information before you then finally
submit the application.
By hitting submit for revenue here under iOS app.
Prepare for resubmission.
This is how you may now proceed to publish your app as you saw there are some things to watch out for.
Unfortunately the iOS publishing process is a bit tricky but with that video and potential errors which
might occur which you saw in the video you should be able to get through it all and publish your application
for iOS as well.